Fix Windows tests (#196)
Automattic/bash-cache-buildkite-plugin: CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking Changes

> - We've removed the `prepare_windows_host_for_app_distribution.ps1` script as this functionality is now implemented in the Windows AMI itself. [#196]

Reviewer: I don't think we ever used the "We've …" form/wording in any of our other changelog entries in the past?

```suggestion
- Removed the `prepare_windows_host_for_app_distribution.ps1` script as what it was installing is now already pre-provisioned in our latest custom Windows AMI already. [#196]
```

> - Removed the `prepare_windows_host_for_app_distribution.ps1` script as what it was installing is now already pre-provisioned in our latest custom Windows AMI already. [#196]

Reviewer: Whoops repetition of `already`

```suggestion
- Removed the `prepare_windows_host_for_app_distribution.ps1` script, given what it was installing is now already pre-provisioned in our custom Windows AMI. [#196]
```

### Internal Changes

> - Fixed Windows unit tests after Windows AMI changes. [#196]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_None._
```
